Update EM graph docs for My Access APIs (#11258)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accesspackageassignmentrequest-cancel.md

---
title: "accessPackageAssignmentRequest: Cancel"

> description: "Cancel accessPackageAssignmentRequest objects that are in a cancellable state: `accepted`, `pendingApproval`, `pendingNotBefore`, `pendingApprovalEscalated`."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Cancel accessPackageAssignmentRequest objects that are in a cancellable state.
```

localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# accessPackageAssignmentRequest: cancel
Namespace: microsoft.graph

> In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), cancel [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) objects that are in a cancellable state: `accepted`, `pendingApproval`, `pendingNotBefore`, `pendingApprovalEscalated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [Azure AD Entitlement Management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), cancel [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) objects that are in a cancellable state: `accepted`, `pendingApproval`, `pendingNotBefore`, `pendingApprovalEscalated`.
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

> |Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
```

|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentRequests/{id}/cancel
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) object.

> For a non-administrator user to cancel a request for themselves, the body has to contain the request `id` and `requestStatus`. The value of the **requestStatus** property is `cancelled`, and the **id** property contains the ID of the **accessPackageAssignmentRequest** property identifying the [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a non-administrator user to cancel their own request, the body must contain the request `id` and `requestStatus`. The value of the *requestStatus* property is `cancelled`. The `id` is the identifier of the [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md).
```

## Response

> If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code.  It does not return anything in the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code.  It does not return anything in the response body.
```

---
title: "accessPackageAssignmentRequest: Cancel"
description: "Cancel accessPackageAssignmentRequest objects that are in a cancellable state: `accepted`, `pendingApproval`, `pendingNotBefore`, `pendingApprovalEscalated`."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "sbounouh"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# accessPackageAssignmentRequest: cancel
Namespace: microsoft.graph

In [Azure AD entitlement management](../resources/entitlementmanagement-root.md), cancel [accessPackageAssignmentRequest](../resources/accesspackageassignmentrequest.md) objects that are in a cancellable state: `accepted`, `pendingApproval`, `pendingNotBefore`, `pendingApprovalEscalated`.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http

> GET /identityGovernance/entitlementManagement/accessPackageAssignmentRequests/FilterByCurrentUser

Reviewer 2: The article title is cancel but this URL looks like filter.

```

## Optional query parameters

> This method supports some of the OData query parameters to help customize the response. For example, to retrieve the access package that was requested, include `$expand=accessPackage` in the query. To retrieve the resulting assignment, include `$expand=accessPackageAssignment` in the query.  For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

Reviewer 2: This does not appear to be applicable to cancel.
